It is a corner in between this week so it is painful for Sankei Sports
Red is you wish Regards
Well, Tokyo revision is over and holding is different in Nakayama and Hanshin Yes
Do-to-one one time the button if it had been approached finally I season in such case
I feel like I am envy the Palmer spring horse race
The reform of Nagoya is the tower Nakayama Nakayama
Yes I ordered my logotype first
Yes
Yes it last year is also a sleeping let length Kedomo
Don't come to Sapporo, but after wearing five in a very tough place
Optical axis
It does say Oh you have to give up yeah opened with what is by I Asokode knife package
Learn this carefully no doubt Do It Well capacity
After adjusting carefully and coming back, it shows quite how rare it is also present in Japan
You
Well there is a race of how many days in the sense case but
Thatch also be there in kana and finished I be covered so is it Well one type show the total force
You
Bought a Nakatani Well is strong Neun Asahi Board'm corner hard
Impossible bird impression does not spray 9 It is the stage ase of this spin step It is yeah
Also in the sense that I am five types yes yes my sound Nakayama Takushi
Well Nakayama waist is complete but
web a green It's been a little more time
Sleep out there was I think I want to be very pleasing
Well then come now that platemaker shows
It because they stand out carefully in Anna Falls does I'm in a long distance I was
But I don't think there's a problem in particular, but if I 'm sorry I dare to myself and even if I own a ball February
It's also a lever because it's not funny .
High level members
It was
Well I think I can not forgive mistakes but yes
Ms. Sagami is also good to talk with you, because there is momentum
After that etc. soldiers of the two pieces the way corn cup roots here.
Yes
Well the sound of deployment can not be thought that the Emperor Prize is a person
I hear it is a little Hodoie place You also if Kakare after Maaya's
Oh, I already have a dumb name, so I wo n't notice it so much now I'm really focused on waves
The member understood
Hanshin Hankyu but entered my first bit of cocoa it is is what here.
But here we use them to Feburari Is not it in one Mickey Copa Bruno Richard Gane
We've been paying attention not a
Also
But it is that so or say from here nor of the other Naa station because that sort of will stab fields
Ne
Last time the Hanshin Cup was alive in a modest manner
Peace idea also escape the original sound this time got but it was a 10 wearing in Cikarang that do Dema
I guess yes I I expect frequently also take in love
Is a swing horse
I 'm also good at this stage in the car even if you ride the industry further
Kanto also goes to this
Expected to have here is going to prelude g 1 Takamatsunomiya Memorial because
I want Well will promote the I firmly a different place Nde is focused on Zhongshan Hanashiotoko
It is Masu thank you